2/5/2016

1) make music player full screen like it was before with it being full screen
2) if possible, on the music page, add two links above the music players at the top. the link for my soundcloud (soundcloud.com/lpcdmp3) and my bandcamp (bandcamp.com/lpcdmp3) 
3) theres no need for me to be here today
4) make the background color for everything black and the text white. like on the writing page and the links page and the videos page etc
5) for the pages that dont have content yet, like the videos page and the announcements page, is it possible to make it a full page along with the picture? like the picture at the top takes up the whole browser screen, is it possible to have more space for those parts as well? so for the videos page, itll be a black background with the words "COMING SOON" in the middle of the screen in white text? let me know, im just wondering
6) add the link traktrain.com/lpcdmp3 to the links page
7) for the ask page, instead of having the ask button redirect straight to the ask website, could you just put the text "ask me anything, i promise ill answer" with the ask link below it, in the same format i talked about for the videos page etc?
8) theres no need for me to here tobaday
9) for the announcements, i was thinking about changing it to "updates" and having it be a page where i can post a status type thing that shows the date. kindof like a tweet thing but just like where i can post announcements, updates, random shit, whatever. let me know if thats possible
10) for photos, have them scroll horizontally instead of vertically. also, upload those two photos that you took of me during my radio show that i said i liked. you texted them to me. if you dont know what they are i can text them to you. also, delete the pictures that arent mine. these are the flower one, the pool one with the person laying face down in the water, the pool one with the dude doing a cannonball, the one with the puddle and the reflection of a couple in it, and the pineapple. thanks
11) let me know if any of this is possible or not or whatever, im just giving you my ideas. also, let me know pricing and whatnot, like i said, it ended up being more complex that i originally thought and i would feel bad if i didnt pay you.
12) theres no need be for baday
13) add a radio page. on the radio page will be the text "The LPCDMP3 Radio Show" at the top, with a subtext thing underneath it in a smaller font that says "Monday Nights from 7-8 PM EST. under that, put the embedded WCCR player. under that, id like the mixcloud mixes there that i upload each week. i dont know if mixcloud has an embedded player like soundcloud does or anything like that. if it does, that would be ideal. if not, i can just upload the setlist each week to that page. 
14) id also like the background for the photos page to be black
15) for the "about" page, ill either text or email you the text to go there. ill write it soon.
16) thats all i can think of for now. ill hit you with updates if i think of them. 
17) dont be afraid to hoe me if im giving you too much haha;
